---
layout : post
title : "[TE] 191014 ~ 191020"
tags : [ "TE (Today English)" ]
comments: true
---

## 10월 14일 (월)
### Today English
- Feedback (1~5)

- I like playing video games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopful but it was girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best frineds now.

- My brother always was in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So I barely see him in the house. He is totally addicted to computer games.

- Playing computer games help me to release stress. When I am overwhelmed by life and have too many things to think about, I just play computer games for a few minuates. It helps me forget things and I feel better after playing games.

- I went into a new roller coaster in the amusement park. It was so scary. It was the most hair rising roller coaster I've ever gone on. I felt sick and exausted after the ride.

---

## 10월 19일 (토)
### Today English
- It is not safe to drink the tap water in my area. So, my mom always tells me to boil the tap water first and then drink it. I used to boil it, but I recently started to drink bottled water. I just buy them from the convenience store on my way back home. My mom is thinking of getting a water purifier at home.

- It is not safe to drink the tap water in my area. So, my mom always tells me to boil the tap water first and then drink it. I used to boil it but, I recently started to drink bottled water. I just buy them from the convenience store on my way back home. My mom is thinking of getting a water purifier at home.

- It is not safe to drink the tap water in my area. So, my mom always tells me to boil the tap water first and then drink it. I used to boil it but, I recently started to drink bottled water. I just buy them from the convenience store on my way back home. My mom is thinking of getting a water purifier at home.

### Feedback.
- I like looking around at the convenience store. They mainly sell snacks, beverages, toiletries, stationeris and instant food. I hardly buy toiletries and stationeries there because they are more expensive than ordinary stores.

- I like playing viedo games when i was little. I am an only chid so i used to play alone. When I was in elemetary school, I made some friends. They came to my home to play games together.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends now.

- My bother is always in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So, I barely see him in the house. He is totally addicted to computer games.

---

## 10월 20일 (일)
### Today English
- When I tried to come out of the parking lot at mall, I didn't see the car passing behind me and almost hit it. Since then, I always park backwards. In that case, I won't be at risk of reversing into unkown traffic.

- When I tried to come out of the parking lot at the mall, I didn't see the car passing behind me and almost hit it. Since then, I always park backwards. In that case, I won't be at risk of reversing into unkwon traffic.

- When I tried to come out of the parking lot at the mall, I didn't see the car passing behind me and almost hit it. Since then, I always park backwards. In that case, I won't be at risk of reversing into unkown traffic.

### Feedback.
- I don't like to wear a seatbelt in a car because it feels restricted. However, I always wear a seatbelt when I drive on a high way. I feel like I have to wear it regardless of my seating position.

- My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work. I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He also told me to prepare the meeting by myself.

- I took the driver's license test for both automatic and stick shift cars. I know how to drive both of them. However, my first car was an automatic and I hardly got to drive stick shift cars.   
