---
layout : post
title : "[TE] 190930 ~ 191006"
tags : [ "TE (Today English)" ]
comments: true
---

## 10월 2일 (수)
### Today English
- I am addicted to exercise. I get moody and angry when i miss my work. My right knee was injured from running last month. Howecer, I continue to exercise. I can't rest to recover.

- I am addicted to exercise. I get moody and angry when i miss my workout. My right knee was injured from running last night. However, I continue to exercise. I can't rest to recover.

---

## 10월 3일 (목)
### Today English
- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep through the night.

- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep through the night.

- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep through the night.

### Feedback.
- My grandma suffers from insomnia really badly. She usually takes some sleeping pills to go to bed. I feel really bad because she is so old. I just want to her to be healthy and happy.

- I sing to release stress. Last night, I went to a singing room with my friend. One of my friends started to sing and he wouldn't stop. It was not enjoyable. I think i am never going to sing with him again.

- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a sining room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear everything from the next room. It was bothersome.

- It was supposed to be sunny today. However, it rained in the middle of the day and i got wet. It is frustrating when the weather forecast is wrong. I will just have to carry around an umbrella in my bag all the time.

- It rained last night. It was too foggy this morning and it was hard to see. I almost got in an accident twice. I had a hard time driving to wrok. I hate going to wrok in the foggy morning.

---

## 10월 4일 (금)
### Today English
- It rained last night. It was too foggy this morning and it was hard to see. I almost got in accident twice. I had a hard time driving to work. I hate going to work in the foggy morning.

- It rained last night. It was too foggy this morning and it was hard to see. I almost got in accident twice. I had a hard time driving to work. I hate going to work in the foggy morning.

- It rained last night. It was too foggy this morning and it was hard to see. I almost got in accident twice. I had a hard time driving to work. I hate going to work in the foggy mornign.

---

## 10월 5일 (토)
### Today English
- I sweat a lot in summer and I suffer from a heat rash. It make my skine itchy. It's frustrating. My frined make fun of me when i was young. I prefer winter to summer.

---

## 10월 6일 (일)
- I jog in the park every morning. After jogging, I get very thirsty, but i never drink from water fountains. I worry about getting sick from the water. So I just wait until i get home.

- I take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind and body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. It my favorite time of the day.

- I jog in the park every morning. After jogging, I get very thirsty, but, i never drink from wather fountains. I worry about getting sick from the water. So I just wait until i get home.

- I usually take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind and body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. I think It's my favorite time of the day.

- I jog in the park every morning. After jogging, I get very thirsty, but I never drink from water fountains. I worry about getting from the water. So i just wait until i get home.

- I usually take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind an body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. I think it is my favorite time of the day.

### feedback.
- I sweat a lot in summer and i suffer from a heat rash. I don't like it becuase it makes my skin itchy. It's frustrating. My frined used to make fun of me when i was young. I prefer winter to summer.

- I am allergic to pollen. I have a runny nose and itchy eyes in the spring. It bothers me so much. Yesterday, I was doing a presentation in class and my nose was running like water. I was so embressed. I can't stand spring.

- When i go to Macdonal's. I always order a combo meals. When I get cheese burger only, it costs 3,500 won. However, If i order a combo meals, It costs 5,000 won for a cheese burger, a coke, and french fries.

- When I order my food, the staff repeats it into the microphonee so that the kitchen staff can hear the order. I remember that when i was young, it was interesting to see and i wanted to try it.

- When I went to visit my frined, I first took subway line 2 but i had to transfer to line 3. I went to the transfer station which was about 5 stops away and transffered to subway line 3. It was easy.
