---
layout : post
title : "[TE] 191021 ~ 191027"
tags : [ "TE (Today English)" ]
comments: true
---

## 10월 21일 (월)
### Today English
- I hate getting on a packed bus during rush hours. So I decided to ride a bike to work. I got a new bike and a helmat and was so ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well, so I gave up on riding it to work.

- I hate getting on a packed bus during rush hours. So, I decided to ride a bike to work. I got a new bike and a helmat and was so ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well, so I gave up on riding it to work.

- I hate getting on a pakced bus during rush hours. So, I decided to ride a bike to work. I got a new bike and a helmat and was so ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well, so I gave up on riding it to work.

### Feedback
- I got a new bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and I liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station, and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- My dad got me a badminton racquet for my 15th birthday gift. I was very excited. My dad taught me how to play badminton. I still enjoy playing badminton. I have been playing it for over 10 years.

- I am addicted to exercise. I get moddy and angry when I miss my workout. My right knee was injured from running last month. However, I continue to exercise. I can't rest to recover.

---

## 10월 22일 (화)
### Today English
- I once lost my wallet on the subway. I had 100,000 won in cash at that time and I couldn't find my wallet. since then I only carry debit cards in my wallet. I often use an ATM to withdraw some cash.

- I once lost my wallet on the subway. I had 100,000 won in cash at that time and I couldn't find my wallet. Since then, I only carry debit cards in my wallet. So I often use an ATM to withdraw some cash.

- I once lost my wallet on the subway. I had 100,000 won in cash at that time and I couldn't find my wallet. Since then, I only carry debit cards in my wallet. So I often use an ATM to withdraw some cash.

### Feedback
- My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work. I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He also told me to prepare the meeting by myself.

- I took the driver's license test for both automatic and stick shift cars. I know how to drive both of them. However, My first car was an automatic and I hardly got to drive stick shift car. Automatic cars are much easier to drive

- I don't like to wear a seat belt because it feels restricted. However, I alway wear a seat belt when i drive on a high way. I feel like I have to wear it regardless of my sitting position.

- When I tried to come out of the parking lot at the mall, I didn't see the car passing behind me and almost hit it. Since the, I always park backwards. In that case, I won't be at risk of reversing into unknwon traffic.

- I am addicted to exercise. I get moddy and angry when I miss my workout. My right knee was injured from running last month. However, I continue to exercise. I can't rest to recover.

- I don't like to waste my time at the bank so I went to the bank at 9 A.M. I was surprised to see some people who were already there. I had to take a number and wait.

---

## 10월 23일 (수)
### Today English
- My professor told me to get him a coke. I went to the vending machine right outside the classroom. However, it was out of coke. I knew he would be upset if i didn't get him the drink. So, I ran upstair to get one.

- My professor told me to get him a coke. I went to the vending machine right outside the classroom. However, it was out of coke. I knew he would be upset if i didn't get him the drink so, I ran upstair to get one.

- My professor told me to get him a coke. I went to the vending machine right outside the classroom. However, it was out of coke. I knew he would be upset if i didn't get him the drink. So, I ran upstair to get one.

### Feedback.
- The weather was boiling hot and I was so thirsty. I found the vending machine and tried to get a cold soda. I put some coins in, but the vending machine ate my coins. I was so upset and gave it a kick. It spat out my coins.

- I got a new bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and I liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- I hate getting on the packed bus during rush hours. So, I decided to ride a bike to wrok. I got a new bike and a helmat and was so ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well. So I gave up on riding it to work.

- I don't like to waste my time at the bank. So, I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was so surprised to see some people who were alreay there. I had to take a number and wait.

- I once lost my wallet on the subway. I had 100,000 won in cash at that time and I couldn't find my wallet. Since then, I only carry debit cars in my wallet. So, I often use an ATM to withdraw some cash. 
