---
layout : post
title : "[TE] 191007 ~ 191013"
tags : [ "TE (Today English)" ]
comments: true
---

## 10월 7일 (월)
### Today English
- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a singing room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear everything from the next room. It was bothersome.

- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a singing room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear everything from the next room. It was bothersome.

- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a singing room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear everything from the next room. It was bothersome.

### Feedback.
- I sing to release stress. Last night, I went to a singing room with my friends. One of my friends started to sing and he wouldn't stop. It was not enjoyable. I am never going to sing with him again.

- When I go to Macdonal's, I always order a combo meals. When i get cheese burger only, it costs 3,500 won. However, if i order a combo meals, it costs 5,000 won for a cheese burger, a coke and french fries.

- When I order my food, the staff repeats my order into the microphone so that the kichen stff can hear the order. I remember that, when i was young, it was interesting to see and wanted to try it.

- I am allergic to pollen. I have a runny nose and itchy eyes in the spring. It bothers me so much. Yesterday, I was doing a presentation in class and my nose was running like water. I was so embrassed. I can't stand spring.

- I sweat a lot in summer and I suffer from a heat rash. it makes my skin itchy. It's frustrating. My friend used to make fun of me when i was young. I prefer winter to summer.

---

## 10월 8일 (화)
### Today English
- I thought there still was the last bus so i waited for it for more than half an hour. I turned out that the last bus had left 5 minuates ago before i came here.

- I was sitting on the bus. An old lady got on and stood next to the person in front of me. I thought he would stand but he didn't. I felt bad and gave up my seat to the old lady. 

- I always retouch my pictures with Photoshop before i post them on Facebook. The pictures look much better with Photoshop. I think Photoshop is the greatest thing ever.

- I used to use Polaroid camera a lot but it was such a bummer to buy instant film. Now I can take pictures with my cell phone and print them out. It is very convenient.

- I like going to the bookstore. It is fun looking around the bookstore. When I have time, I just go there and pick up some books even though there is nothing in particular i want to buy.

- The book i was looking for was not in stock at the bookstore i went to. So i called another bookstore to see if they have a copy. They did. So I went there and got it.

- I was waiting in lines to get on the subway. Me and other people were waiting behind the white line on the platform. When the subway arrived, a man rushed and tried to get on the train before the passengers on the train got off. He was so rude.

- I went to visit my friend. I first took the subway line 2 and I had to transfer to line 3. I went to the transfer station which was about 5 stops away and transfered to the subway line 3. It was easy. 

- When I go to Macdonal's, I always order a combo meals. When I have a cheese burger only, It costs 3,500 won. However, if i order a combo meals, it costs 5,000 won for a cheese burger, a coke and french fries.

- When I order my food, the staff repeats it into the microphone so that the kitchen staff can hear the order. I remember that when i was young, it was interesting to see and i wanted to try it.

- I love biking and wanted to share information on different bicyles with other biker. I looked up online to find a bike club but couldn't find one. I have good computer skills so i decided to make an online bike club and become the manger of it.

- I like looking around at convenience store. They mainly sell snacks, beverages, toiletries, stationeries and instant food.I hardly buy toiletries and stationeries because they are more expensive than ordinary store.

- I am allergic to pollen. I have runny nose and itchy eyes in the spring. It bothers me so much. Yesterday, I was doing a presentation in class and my nose was running like water. I was so embarrassed. I can't stand spring.

- I sweat a lot in summer and I suffer from a heat rash. It makes my skin itchy. It's frustrating. My friend used to make fun of me when i was young. I prefer winter to summer.

---

## 10월 9일 (수)
### Today English
- I usually take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind and body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. I think it is my favorite time of the day.

- I jog in the park every morning. After jogging, I get very thirsty, but I never drink from water fountains. I worry about getting sick from the water.So i just wait until i get home. 

- It was supposed to be sunny today. However, it rained in the middle of th day and i got wet. It is frustrating when the weather forecast is wrong. So I will just have to carry around an umbrella in my bag all the time.

- It rained last night. It was too foggy this morning and it was hard to see. I almost got in an accident twice. I had a hard time driving to work. I hate going to the work in the foggy morning.

- I sing to rlease stress. Last night, I went to a singing room with my friend. One of my friends started to sing and he wouldn't stop. It was not enjoyable. I am never going to sing with him again.

- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a singing room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear every thing from the next room. It was bothersome.

- My grandma suffers from insomnia really badly. She usually take some sleeping pills to go to bed. I feel really bad because she is so old. I just want to her to be healthy and happy. 

- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is so hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep through the night.

- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep throguh the night.

- I drink like a fish. When i drink, i drink at least 3 bottles of soju. Most of my friends all drink a lot. So when three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day.

- I drink like a fish. When i drink, i drink at least 3 bottles of soju. Most of my friends all drink a lot. So, when three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day.

- I drank a lot and blacked out last night. I literally don't remember how i got home. I just hope that i didn't do anything stupid. I am going to quit drinking.

---

## 10월 10일 (목)
### Today English
- I usually pick a movie that has great reviews. Last weekends, I went to see a movie which had good reviews, but it was disappointing. I will not pick movies by reviews anymore.

- I uaully pick a movie that has great reviews. Last night, I went to see a movie which had good reviews but, it was disappointing. I will not pick movies by reviews anymore.

- I usually pick a movie that has great reviews. Last night, I went to see a movie which has good reviews but, it was disappointing. I will not pick movies by reviews anymore.

### Feedback.
- The movie was so sad that I cried my eyes out. My friend said I embarrassed him. I can't believe he didn't cry. I think he is cold-hearted.

- The movie was so sad that i cried my eyes out. My friend said I embarrassed him. I can't believe he didn't cry. I think he is cold-hearted.

- I drank a lot and blacked out last night. I literally don't remember how i got home. I just hope that I didn't do anything stupid. I am going to quit drinking.

- I drink like a fish. When I drink, I drink at least 3 bottles of soju. Most of my friends all drink a lot. When three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day.

---

## 10월 11일 (금)
### Today English
- I like this italian restaurant in my neighborhood. They have good food but I always have to wait for 30 minuates after i order. So when i don't have enough time, I don't go there.

- I like this italian restaurant in my neighborhood. They have good food but I always have to wait for 30 minuates after i order. So, When I don't have enough time, I don't go there.

- I like this italian restaurant in my neighborhood. They have good food but I always have to wait for 30 minuates after i order. So, When I don't have enough time, I don't go there.

### Feedback
- My family was eating at a restaurant. I found a hair in my food. It was gross. I compained and then they bought me a new dish. I didn't pay for it.

---

## 10월 12일 (토)
### Today English
- I once joined this online discussion club. Members discussed any kind of topic and it seemed interesting. When I joined the discussion for first time, I was surprised to see how people get so aggressive. I felt very uncomfortable and decided to drop out of the club.

- I once joined this online discussion club. Members discussed any kind of topic and it seemed interesting. When I joined the discussion for the first time, I was so surprised to see how people get so aggressive. I felt very uncomfortable and decided to drop of the club. 

- I once joined this online discussion club. Members discussed any kind of topic and it seemed interesting. When i joined the discussion for first time, I was so surprised to see how people get so aggressive. I felt very uncomfortable and decided to drop out of the club.

