---
layout : post
title : "[TE] 190916 ~ 190922"
tags : [ "TE (Today English)" ]
comments: true
---

## 9월 16일 (월)
### Today English
- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it make me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper.

- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it makes me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper.

- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it makes me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper.

### Feedback
- I went on the new roller coaster in the amusement park. It was so scary. I was the most hair-rising roller coaster I’ve ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends now.

- I don’t like eating alone. When I have no one to eat with, I just skip it and have some bread instead. When I was taking classes by myslef, I lost 5 kg in one semester.

- I was at lunch and one of the people at my table was eating with his mouth open. His noisy eating bothered me. Furthermore, while he was talking, some food spattered onto mine. I couldn’t eat anymore.

- I like to watch Youtube video clips through my phone. I used too much data for the internet on my phone and I ended up receiving an enormous billing statment this month.

- I lost my phone on the subway. I went to the lost and found but couldn’t find it. I went to buy a new phone but since i didn’t have the old one, I couldn’t transfer all my contact number.

- I left my phone in a cab. I called my phone and the driver picked it up. He came to where i was with the meter on. I gave him the cab fare puls 30,000 won for finding it.

---

## 9월 17일 (화)
### Today English
- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful, but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends now.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful, but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends now.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful, but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends now.

### Feedback
- I like playing video games when i was little. I am an only child. So i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, I made some frineds. They came to my house to play games together.

---

## 9월 18일 (수)
### Today English
- I wanted to lose weight. However, I don't want to exercise. I decided not to eat. I lost weight by skipping meals. I didn't eat anything. I felt stressed because I was too hungry.
- I wanted to lose weight. However, I didn't want to exercise. So, I decided not to eat. I lost weight by skipping meals. I didn't eat anything.I felt stressed because I was too hungry.
- I wanted to lose weight. However, I didn't want to exercise. I decided not to eat. I lost weight by skipping meals. I didn't eat anything. I felt stressed because I was too hungry. 

### Feedback
- My boss told me to send him the itinerary files for our buiness trip. I emailed him without attaching the itinerary file. I got yelled at and had to send it agian. I felt so stupid.

- I receive too many spam mails from loaning services and adult websites. It is so annoying. I once accidentally deleted an important email from my boss because I thought about it was spam.

- When I was five, my parent wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends together.

- I like playing video games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- I was on healty diet for five days and i have been limiting myself. But then I binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, three scoops of ice cream and five pieces of chocalates after dinner.

- I didn't feel good all day. I think the pork I had last night had gone bad. It was seasoned with sauce so I couldn't really tell. I had to cancle on my friend and go home and rest. I felt bad.

- My friend and I were planing to have dinner together. But we couldn't make any plans because it was hard to set a time that works for both of us. I think she is too busy.

---

## 9월 20일 (금)
### Today English
- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading a book because I foret things. I also think I become more imaginative from reading books.

- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because I can forget things. I also think I become more imaginative from reading books.

- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because I can forget things. I also think I become more imaginative from reading books.

### feedback
- I was on a healthy diet for five days and I have been limiting myself. But then I binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, three scoups of ice creams and five pieces of chocalates after dinner.

- I wanted to lose weight. However, I didn't want to exercise. So i decieded not to eat. I lost wegiht by skipping meals. I didn't eat anything. I felt stressed because I was too hungry.

- I went on a new roller coaster in the amusement park. It was so scary. It was the most hair rising roller coaster I've ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride.

- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it make me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper.

- Playing games helps me release stress. When i am overwhelmed by life and have too many thing to think about, I just play games for a few minuates. It helps me forget things and I feel better after playing games.

---

## 9월 21일 (토)
### Today English
- I like reading books. It calms me down. When i read, I underline the important passages. It is helpful to read. I sometimes write down the notes on the book when I think it is important.

- I like reading a book. It calms me down. When i read, I underline the important passages. It is helpful to read. I sometimes write down the notes on the book when i think it is important.

- I like reading books. It calms me down. When i read, i underline the important passages. It is helpful to read.I sometimes write down the notes on the book when I think it is important.

### Feedback.
- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because i can forget things. I also think I become more imaginative from reading books.

- My brother is always in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So I barely see him in the house. He is totally addicted to computer games.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friend now.

- I liked playing video games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- My boss told me send him the itinerary file for our buisiness trip. I emailed him without attaching the itinerary file. So I got yelled at and had to send it agian. I felt so stupid.

- I received too many spam mails from loaning service and adult websites. It is so annoying. I once accidentally deleted an important email from my boss because I thought it was spam.

---

## 9월 22일 (일)
### Today English
I review what i've done so far.

- I like playing viedo games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, i made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- => I liked playing video games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When i was in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- When i was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl agian. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friend.

- => When i was five, my parent wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best frined now.

- My brother was in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So I barely see him in the house. I think he is totally addicted to computer games.

- Playing games helps me release stress. When i was overwhelmed by life and have too many things to think about, I just play games for a few minuates. It helps me ??? 

- => Playing games helps me release stress. When i was overwhelmed by life and have too many things to think about, I just play games for a few minates. It helps me forget things and makes me feel better after playing games.

- I went on a new roller coaster in the amusement park. It was so scary. It was the most hair rising roller coaster i have ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride.

- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it makes me feel better. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper. ???

- When I ame down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it makes me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper.

- I was on a healthy diet for 5 days and I have been limiting myself. But then i binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, 3 scoups of ice cream and 5 pieces of chocalates after dinner.

- I wanted to lose weight. However, I didn't want to exercise So I decided not to eat. I lost weight by skipping meals. I didn't eat anying. I felt stressed because I was too hungry.

- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because i can forget everything. I also think it become more imaginative from reading it.

-  => I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because i can forget everything. I also think i become more imaginative from reading books.

- I like reading books. When i read, i underline the important passages. I sometimes write down the notes on the book when i thnik it is important.

- => I like reading books. It calms me down. When i read, i underline the important passages. It is helpful to read. I sometimes write down the notes on the book when i think it is important.
