---
layout : post
title : "[TE] 190819 ~ 190825"
tags : [ "TE (Today English)" ]
comments: true
---

## 8월 19일(월)
### Today English
- I left the office at midnight. It was Friday. So There were so many people on the street and everyone was trying to get cabs. It took me 40 minuates to get a cab.

- My dad got me a badminton racquet(?) for my 15th birthday gift. I was very excited. My dad taught me how to play badminton. I still enjoy playing badmiton. I have been playing it for over 10 years.

- I left the office at midnight. It was Friday. So There were so many people on the street and everyone was trying to get cabs. It took me 40 minuates to get a cab.

- My dad got me a badminton racquet for my 15th birthday gift. I was very excited. My dad taught me how to play badminton. I still enjoy playing badminton. I have been playing it for over 10 years.

- I left the office at midnight. However, it was Friday. So there were so many people on the street and everyone was trying to get cabs. It took me 40 minuates to get a cab.

- My dad got me a badminton racquet for my 15th birthday gift. I was very excited. My dad taught me how to play badminton. I still enjoy playing badminton. I have been playing it for over 10 years.

---

## 8월 20일(화)
### Today English
- I wanted to learn chinese. So I looked online and found a chinese language academy near Gangnam station. I signed up for a class by paying my credit card.

- I wanted to learn chinese. So I looked online and found a chinese language academy near Gangnam station. I signed up for a class by paying my credit card.

- I wanted to learn chinese. So I looked online and found a chinese language academy near Gangnam station. I signed up for a class by paying my credit card.

- I left the office at midnight. However, It was Friday. So there were so many people on the street and everyone was trying to get cabs. It took me 40 minuates to get a cab.

- My dad got me a badminton racquet for my 15th birthday gift. It was very excited. My dad taught me how to play badminton. I still enjoy playing badminton. I have been playing it for over 10 years.

---

## 8월 21일(수)
### Today English
- I started to go to the gym a month ago. I walk on a treadmil and do weight lifting. When I am working out, a trainer comes up to me and do it in the right position. It is very helpful to exercise right.

- I started to go to the gym a month ago. I walk on a treadmil and do weight lifting. When I am workign out, a trainer comes up to me and do it in the right position. It is very helpful to excercise right.

- I started to go to the gym a month ago. I walk on a treadmil and do weight lifting. When I am workign out, a trainer comes up to me and do it in the right position. It is very helpful to excercise right.

### Feedback
- I wanted to learn Chinese. So I looked online and found a chinese language academy near Gangnam station. I signed up for a class by paying my credit card.

- I left the office at midnight. It was Friday. So there were so many people on the street and everyone was trying to get cabs. It took me 40 minuates to get a cab.

- My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she always makes sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one.

- After my dad retired, he wanted to help my mom with the housework. My dad tried to cook but it was bad that we couldn't eat it at all. My mom told him to do the dishes instead. When my mom cooks, my dad does the dishes afterwards.

---

## 8월 22일(목)
### Today English
- I didn't go on a vacation this summer. I took three days off and just stayed home. I needed this time. I woke up at 11 a.m. and watch TV for 10 hours. It was the best vaction ever. 

- I didn't go on a vacation this summer. I took three days off and just stayed home. I really needed this time. I woke up at 11 a.m. and watched TV for 10 hours. It was the best vaction ever.

- I didn't go on a vacation this summer. I took three days off and just stayed home. I really needed this time. I woke up at 11 a.m. and watched TV for 10 hours. It was the best vaction ever.
 
---

## 8월 23일(금)
### Today English
Feedback (~30 All.)

- vacation
 - I didn't go on a vacation this summer. I took three days off and just stayed home. I really needed this time. I woke up at 11 a.m. and just watched TV for 10 hours. It was the best vacation ever.

  - (listen) I didn't go on a vaction this summer. I took three days off and just stayed home. I really needed this time. I woke up at 11 a.m. and watched TV for 10 hours. It was the best vacation ever.

- gym
  - I started to go to the gym a month ago. I walk on a treadmil and wegiht lifting. When I am working out, a trainer comes up to me and helps me do it in the right position. It is very helpful to exercise right.

  - (listen) I started to go to the gym a month ago. I walk on a treadmil and do weight lifting. When I am working out, a trainer comes up to me and helps me do it in the right position. It is very helpful to exercise right.

- private instatued? 
  - I wanted to learn chinese. So I looked online and found a chinese language academy near Gangnam station. I signed up for a class by paying with my credit card.
  - (listen) I wanted to learn chinese. So I looked online and found a chinese language academy near Gangnam station. I signed up for a class by paying with my credit card.

- coffee shop
  - My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she make sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one.
  - (listen) My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she always makes sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one.

- housework
  - After my dad retired, he helps my mom with the housework. He tried to cook but it was bad that we couldn't eat it at all. So my mom told him to do the dishes instead. When my mom cook, my dad does the dishes afterwards.
  - (listen) After my dad retired, he wanted to help my mom with the housewrok. He tried to cook but it so bad that we couldn't eat it at all. My mom told hime to do the dishes instead. When my mom cook, my dad does the dishes afterwards.

- Gas station
  - The gas price keeps on rising. So I always check the gas price per liter and look for the lowest one. Yesterday, However, the low gas signal comes up and went to the gas satation nearest one.

  - (listen) The gas price keeps on rising. So I always check the gas price liter and look for the lowest one in my town. Yesterday, However, the low gas signal came up and just went to the nearest gas station.

---

## 8월 24일(토)
### Today English
- My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work. I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He told me to prepare the meeting by myself.

- I don't like to wear seat belt in a car because it feels restricted. However, I always wear a seatbelt when I drive on a high way. I feel like I have to wear it regradless of my seating position.

- I don't like to waste my time at a bank. So I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was surprised to see some people who were alreay there. I had to take number and wait.

- I got a bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- The weather was boiling hot and I was so thirsty. I found a vending machine and tried to get a cold-soda. I put some coins in, but the vending machine ate my coins. I was so upset and gave it a kick. it spat out my coins.

- I left the office at midnight. However it was Friday. so there were so many people on the street and everone tried to get cabs. It took me 40 minuates to get a cab.

---

## 8월 25일(일)
### Today English
- I usually take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind and body. I love having a cup of coffee after dinner at the park. I think it is my favorite time of the day.

- It was supposed to be sunny today. However, it rained in the middle of the day and I got wet. It is frustrating when the weather forecast is wrong.  I will have to carry around an umbrella in my bag all the time.

- I sing to release my stress. Last night, I went to singing area with my friends. One of my frineds started to sing and he wouldn't stop. it was not enjoyable. I am never going to sing with him again

