---
layout : post
title : "[TE] 200106 ~ 200112"
tags : [ "TE (Today English)" ]
comments: true
---

## 1월 6일 (월)
### Today English
- When I finish a book, I always write a book report on it. It helps to organize my thoughts. Last weekend, I read an interesting novel. After that, I spent two hours writing a book report on it.

  - spend 시간 ~ing : ~ing 하는데 시간을 쓰다.
  - I spent two hours writing a book report on it.

- I like to keep my books clean. I try to take good care of the books. When I read, I never write on or fold the pages. So I don't like lending my books to friends. It bothers me when my friend returns the book with folded pages.

  - Keep A clean : A를 깨끗히 하도록 유지하다.
  - I like to keep my books clean.

  - take care of A : A를 관리하다.
  - I try to take good care of books.

  - book with folded pages : 접혀진 페이지를 가진 책. (책 내용 중 접힌 부분들)
  - It bothers me when my friend returns the book with folded pages.

## 1월 7일 (화)
### Today English
- It was really hot today. I went to see a soccer game and sat outside for three hours. I got sick from the heat and I felt so tired. I had to leave in the middle of the game.
  - got sick from ~ : ~로 부터 아픔을 얻었다.

### Feedback
- When I finish a book, I always write a book report on it. It helps to organize my thought. Last weekwends, I read an interesting novel. After that, I spent two hours writing a book report on it.

## 1월 8일 (수)
### Today English
- Yellow dust hit Korea a week ago, So I put a mask on when I go out. My cloths get so dirty when I go outside. My school far from my housh but I never take a cab. However, because of the yellow dust, I took a cab this morning. It was very expensive, So I am thinking of carpooling with my frineds tommorow.

- put on : 장착하다.
